blog/2021-01-01-welcome.md, before:

---
slug: welcome
title: Welcome
author: Jatin Nagpal
author_title: Law Student
author_url: https://jatinnagpal.com/
tags: [first, hello]
---

Welcome to my humble site. As of now I'm switching my backend, and this site should load considerably fast. This site isn't exactly live yet, though you can check out [https://playground.jatinnagpal.com/](https://playground.jatinnagpal.com/) for some useful tools (upcoming, currently a text-to-morse converter) and [https://blog.jatinnagpal.com/](https://blog.jatinnagpal.com/) for my (upcoming) blog. (It will be different in content from this blog.) Also https://crypto.jatinnagpal.com for getting into cryptocurrencies (currently a makeshift page, but the links are up-to-date). This whole thing will soon have some dope design and content. In the meanwhile, feel free to hit me up for some unlicensed consultancy in law, investment, technology, or just anything and everything under the sun. (If you got my WhatsApp. I'll soon enable a more public way.)

If you know me, drop me a message that you were here. I'll probs treat you to something. (Limited time offer)

If you don't know me, just keep this page bookmarked and cool things will begin to happen (probably). The chance that you win the lottery will sextuple (that is, grow 6x) instantly. Other than that... don't mind the tutorials and stuff in here. It's there for administrative (= my personal) purposes.

Commit message:

Added bog to the post, removed treat offer (no one sent)

blog/2021-01-01-welcome.md, after:

---
slug: welcome
title: Welcome
author: Jatin Nagpal
author_title: Law Student
author_url: https://jatinnagpal.com/
tags: [first, hello]
---

Welcome to my humble site. As of now I'm switching my backend, and this site should load considerably fast. This site isn't exactly live yet, though you can check out [https://playground.jatinnagpal.com/](https://playground.jatinnagpal.com/) for some useful tools (upcoming, currently a text-to-morse converter) and [https://blog.jatinnagpal.com/](https://blog.jatinnagpal.com/) for my (upcoming) blog. (It will be different in content from this blog.) Also https://crypto.jatinnagpal.com for getting into cryptocurrencies (currently a makeshift page, but the links are up-to-date). This whole thing will soon have some dope design and content. In the meanwhile, feel free to hit me up for some unlicensed consultancy in law, investment, technology, or just anything and everything under the sun. (If you got my WhatsApp. I'll soon enable a more public way.)

If you know me in real life, I might be willing to host your posts on some *fast* servers. Head over to https://bog.jatinnagpal.com/about/ for details.

<iframe src="https://play.chessbase.com" style="width:760px;height:480px"></iframe>

If you don't know me, just keep this page bookmarked and cool things will begin to happen (probably). The chance that you win the lottery will sextuple (that is, grow 6x) instantly. Other than that... don't mind the tutorials and stuff in here. It's there for administrative (= my personal) purposes.
